Update cron-workflows.md (#7194)
argoproj/argo-workflows: docs/cron-workflows.md

`CronWorkflow.spec.workflowSpec` is the same type as `Workflow.spec` and serves as a template for `Workflow` objects that are created from it. Everything under this spec will be converted to a `Workflow`.

> The resulting `Workflow` name will be a generated name based on the `CronWorkflow` name. In this example it could be something like `test-cron-wf-tj6fe`.

Reviewer: This is actually not correct anymore. The resulting workflow name is no longer random or generated, but deterministic on the scheduled runtime of the workflow. Can you update?

```suggestion
The resulting `Workflow` name will be a generated name based on the `CronWorkflow` name and the scheduled runtime. In this example it could be something like `test-cron-wf-1636574801`.
```
